AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS
OF
HARBORPOINT HOLDINGS, INC.
(a Delaware corporation)

Adopted by the Board of Directors on March 1, 2024
Approved by the Stockholders on April 15, 2024

ARTICLE I - OFFICES

Section 1.1 Registered Office. The registered office of the corporation shall be at 800 Bridgeway Street,
Suite 210, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, and the name of the registered agent in charge thereof is Corporate
Services of Delaware, LLC. The registered office may be changed, from time to time, by the Board of Directors.

Section 1.2 Other Offices. The corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without
the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 2.1 Annual Meeting. An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held for the election of directors
and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting. The annual meeting
shall be held at such date and time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors and
stated in the notice of the meeting.

Section 2.2 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called
at any time by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or by the
Secretary upon the written request of stockholders holding not less than twenty-five percent (25%) of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote.

Section 2.3 Notice of Meetings. Written notice of each meeting of the stockholders stating the place, date,
and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called shall be given to each
stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the
date of the meeting.

Section 2.4 Quorum. The holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote, present in person or represented
by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business.

Section 2.5 Voting. Except as otherwise provided by statute, the certificate of incorporation, or these
bylaws, each stockholder of record entitled to vote shall be entitled to one vote for each share held of
record on the record date.

ARTICLE III - BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 3.1 Powers. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of
the Board of Directors.

Section 3.2 Number and Term of Office. The Board of Directors shall consist of not fewer than three (3) and
not more than eleven (11) members, as determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. Each director
shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until such director's successor is elected
and qualified.

Section 3.3 Annual Meeting. Immediately after each annual meeting of stockholders, the Board of Directors shall
hold a meeting for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and the transaction of any other
business.

Section 3.4 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at such places and times
as may be determined by the Board.

Section 3.5 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the
Board or the Chief Executive Officer.

Section 3.6 Quorum and Voting. A majority of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum. Except as
otherwise provided by statute, the certificate of incorporation, or these bylaws, the vote of a majority of
the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors.

Section 3.7 Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board,
designate one or more committees, including an Audit Committee and a Compensation Committee. Each committee
shall consist of one or more directors and shall have such powers and duties as may be delegated by the Board.

ARTICLE IV - OFFICERS

Section 4.1 Officers. The officers of the corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors and shall
include a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary, and a Treasurer.

Section 4.2 Duties. Each officer shall have such authority and shall perform such duties in the management of
the corporation as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors.

Section 4.3 Removal. Any officer may be removed, with or without cause, at any time by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the whole Board of Directors.

ARTICLE V - INDEMNIFICATION

Section 5.1 Right to Indemnification. The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is
threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding by reason
of the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of the corporation, against expenses, judgments,
fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by such person.

Section 5.2 Insurance. The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or
was a director or officer of the corporation against any liability asserted against such person.

ARTICLE VI - GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 6.1 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the corporation shall end on December 31 of each year.

Section 6.2 Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the corporation and
the words "Corporate Seal, Delaware."

Section 6.3 Amendments. These bylaws may be amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
whole Board of Directors, provided that notice of the proposed amendment was given in the notice of the
meeting.

ADOPTED AND APPROVED this 1st day of March, 2024.
